see the foxes turn short that right down
there lock down that dingle there you'll
seeing you'll see in a minute there's no
bitch called Bonnie's in a better 7th or
8th season comes and she's coming to cry
up the Dingle and meets his Fox and
turns and buckle I cook like golly left
under there she goes back up there you
see the ants turn rain left sharp left
now so they I get up behind him there
you'll see in a minute just a clever
these eel foxes are with pressure on him
like that he just drops down into a very
deep gully and up sharp left hand just
kinds up bit of ground on him to where
they've dropped in there
you see I don't really but like still
putting pressure on in there
the site this was in November Abani also
we were looking at a lot of the cheaper
dam for topping time so the L is fairly
clear of sheep at the minute but you'll
see later on in this and I do come off
the Oh
you